JobCategoryLookup: Add JobCategoryLookup component (#772)
seek-oss/wingman: fe/lib/components/JobCategoryLookup/README.md

# JobCategoryLookup

> A JobCategory lookup component that returns a JobCategory (parent or child) with object identifier on category selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A JobCategory lookup component that returns a job category (parent or child) with an object identifier on lookup.
```

## Installation

```shell
yarn add wingman-fe
```

## Job Category Lookup Widget

The JobCategoryLookup widget abstracts the `jobCategory` query on SEEK API and provides a select input that returns a SEEK JobCategory.
Read more about underlying [`jobCategory` query](https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/query/jobCategory).

### Properties

Required

- `schemeId`: The scheme for the location dataset to query.

Optional:

- `client`: An `ApolloClient` instance. By default JobCategoryLookup uses the client passed down via context, but a different client can be passed in.

> - `debounceDelay`: The delay in milliseconds between job category lookup calls to reduce overhead. Defaults to `250`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `debounceDelay`: The delay in milliseconds between job category lookup calls to reduce overhead. Defaults to `250ms`.
```
